Issue 2755 - Troubleshooting PRs (#2854)
knative/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

channel](https://knative.slack.com/) to get input on your ideas or find areas to
contribute before creating a PR.

> ### Common Troubleshooting issues for PRs

Reviewer: I'd think `DEVELOPMENT.md` is probably a good place for this.  I don't feel super strongly, but my spidey sense seems to think this file is largely boilerplate across the repos (I think some may even redirect folks to a common one in community?)...

Author: Sounds good. I'll remove this section.

> 1. CLA fails even though you have signed a CLA. This can happen if someone accepts and commits suggestions due to the email address not matching the address on record for the CLA. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The CLA check fails even though you have signed the CLA. This may occur if you accept and commit suggestions in a pull request from another person's account, because the email address of that account doesn't match the address on record for the CLA. 
```

Reviewer: IIUC this is generally because Github shows that commit as co-authored by the two parties (author and suggester) and uses their primary github email address as the commit email.

I'd love it if CLA bot didn't blow up 9/10 times on suggested edits.  It's honestly turned the feature from something I missing from Google's Critique to something I hardly think folks should use at all (cc @thisisnotapril , not sure what kinda juice you have with the team 😉 )

> 1. Test Fails. If you do not see a specific error related to a change you made, and instead the errors are related to timeouts then you may want to rerun the test at a later time. There are running tasks that could result in timeouts or rate limiting if your test runs at the same time as the tasks. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. One or more tests are failing. If you do not see a specific error related to a change you made, and instead the errors are related to timeouts, try rerunning the test at a later time. There are running tasks that could result in timeouts or rate limiting if your test runs at the same time. 
```

> 1. Previews are not working - WIP (not sure what's causing this)

Reviewer 2: This looks like stagebot may be fixed now @mattmoor ? It has been working for me lately.

Reviewer: It only runs when the `/approve` bit is flipped, which makes it seem somewhat unreliable.

This is basically the only piece of knobots that IDK how to turn into github actions, and so I've kinda been hoping a good alternative would present itself.  Perhaps we could even get proper netlify preview on this repo (like on website)? @evankanderson @RichieEscarez would know more.

> 1. Cherrypicking - WIP (not an expert on this)

Reviewer 2: This doesn't really belong in TS maybe, I don't think it's something we have any automation for - if we don't, could we add it based on labels @evankanderson @mattmoor ? I don't know how to do this yet really, just manual CPs, which like I said doesn't really go here in TS?

Reviewer: Automation would be really useful and probably fun to write here.

cc @n3wscott
